OSDOCS#10702: Docs for Multiarch Tuning Operator (#76628)
openshift/openshift-docs: post_installation_configuration/configuring-multi-arch-compute-machines/creating-multi-arch-compute-nodes-ibm-power.adoc

The following procedures explain how to create a {op-system} compute machine using an ISO image or network PXE booting. This will allow you to add `ppc64le` nodes to your cluster and deploy a cluster with multi-architecture compute machines.

To create an {ibm-power-name} (`ppc64le`) cluster with multi-architecture compute machines on `x86_64`, follow the instructions for
xref:../../installing/installing_ibm_power/preparing-to-install-on-ibm-power.adoc#preparing-to-install-on-ibm-power[Installing a cluster on {ibm-power-name}]. You can then add `x86_64` compute machines as described in xref:./creating-multi-arch-compute-nodes-bare-metal.adoc#creating-multi-arch-compute-nodes-bare-metal[Creating a cluster with multi-architecture compute machines on bare metal, {ibm-power-title}, or {ibm-z-title}].

[NOTE]
====

> Before adding a secondary architecture node to your cluster, it is recommended to install the Multiarch Tuning Operator, and deploy a `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` object. For more information, see xref:../../post_installation_configuration/configuring-multi-arch-compute-machines/multiarch-tuning-operator.adoc#multiarch-tuning-operator[Managing workloads on multi-architecture clusters by using the Multiarch Tuning Operator].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before adding a secondary architecture node to your cluster, it is recommended to install the Multiarch Tuning Operator, and deploy a `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` custom resource. For more information, see xref:../../post_installation_configuration/configuring-multi-arch-compute-machines/multiarch-tuning-operator.adoc#multiarch-tuning-operator[Managing workloads on multi-architecture clusters by using the Multiarch Tuning Operator].
```
